Convert variable names to snake_case (#3273)
gleam-lang/gleam: CHANGELOG.md

  being attempted.
  ([Ameen Radwan](https://github.com/Acepie))

> - LSP now suggests a code a action to rename variables, types and functions when they
>   don't match the gleam naming conventions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The language server now suggests a code a action to rename variables, types and
  functions when they don't match the Gleam naming requirements:
```
